docs(combo): improve combo component documentation (#2206)
IgniteUI/igniteui-docfx: en/components/combo.md

 - `valueKey` - *Optional, recommended for object arrays* - Specifies which property of the data entries will be stored for the combo's selection. If `valueKey` is omitted, the combo value will use references to the data entries (i.e. the selection will be an array of entries from `combo.data`).
 - `displayKey` - *Required for object arrays* - Specifies which property will be used for the items' text. If no value is specified for `displayKey`, the combo will use the specified `valueKey` (if any). 

In our case, we want the combo to display the `name` of each city and the combo value to store the `id` of each city. Therefore, we are providing these properties to the combo's `displayKey` and `valueKey`, respectively:

```html
<igx-combo [data]="cities" displayKey="name" valueKey="id"></igx-combo>
```

> [!Note]
> When the data source is comprised of a simple type (e.g. `string[]`, `number[]`), **do not** specify a `valueKey` and `displayKey`.

#### Two-Way Binding

> The combo component fully supports two-way data-binding with `[(ngModel)]` as well usage in [template driven](https://angular.io/guide/forms) and [reactive](https://angular.io/guide/reactive-forms) forms. The combo selection can be accessed either through two-way binding or through the [selection API](#selection). We can pass an array of items of the same type as the ones in the combo's selection (based on `valueKey`) and any time one changes, the other is updated accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The combo component fully supports two-way data-binding with `[(ngModel)]` as well as usage in [template driven](https://angular.io/guide/forms) and [reactive](https://angular.io/guide/reactive-forms) forms. The combo selection can be accessed either through two-way binding or through the [selection API](#selection). We can pass an array of items of the same type as the ones in the combo's selection (based on `valueKey`) and any time one changes, the other is updated accordingly.
```

<div class="divider--half"></div>

### Features

> Combo control exposes the following features:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The combo control exposes the following features:
```

  
> [!NOTE]
> Any other key stroke will be handled by the input.

When igxCombo is opened and list item is focused:
- `ArrowDown` will move to the next list item. If the active item is the last one in the list and custom values are enabled, the focus will be moved to the Add item button.

- `ArrowUp` will move to the previous list item. If the active item is the first one in the list, the focus will be moved back to the search input.

- `End` will move to the last list item.

- `Home` will move to the first list item.

- `Space` will select/deselect the active list item.

- `Enter` will confirm the already selected items and will close the list.

- `Esc` will close the list.

When igxCombo is opened, allow custom values are enabled and add item button is focused:

- `Enter` will add a new item with valueKey and displayKey equal to the text in the search input and will select the new item.

- `ArrowUp` focus will be moved back to the last list item or if the list is empty, will be moved to the search input.

### Known Issues

> - Combo input that displays the selected items is not editable. However, due to browser specifics in IE and FireFox, the cursor is visible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The combo input that displays the selected items is not editable. However, due to browser specifics in IE and FireFox, the cursor is visible.
```

- Backspace works in disabled combo in IE.

> - Combo is not having input for sizing its height. In the future, the [IgxInputGroup]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxinputgroupcomponent.html) component will expose an option that allows custom sizing, and then the [IgxCombo]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxcombocomponent.html) will use the same functionality for proper styling and better consistency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The combo does not have input for sizing its height. In the future, the [IgxInputGroup]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxinputgroupcomponent.html) component will expose an option that allows custom sizing, and then the [IgxCombo]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxcombocomponent.html) will use the same functionality for proper styling and better consistency.
```
